update node version in readme (#26293)
guardian/frontend: docs/01-start-here/01-installation-steps.md

is present.

Frontend uses a `.nvmrc` file which specifies a given version of node as a requirement. If you use
[nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#install-script) to manage multiple versions of Node on your machine, you can run `nvm use` to swich to the version specified by `.nvmrc`. If that version number is not available locally, you might have to install the missing version with `nvm install <version number>`. (As a result of upgrades to the new M1 machines you may be using `asdf` or `fnm`).

> Alternatively you could use your system Node, for instance using the following:

Reviewer: I think we can future proof this a bit better by referring the user to the .nvmrc file for the current version?:

```suggestion
Alternatively you could directly install Node on your system.

See [.nvmrc](https://github.com/guardian/frontend/blob/main/.nvmrc) for the current version and install that version using your preferred package manager.

For example:
```

Mac:
```bash
$ brew install node@[current-version]
```
e.g.
```bash
$ brew install node@18.16.0
```

Reviewer: Sorry the formatter got a bit confused here with all the nested backticks. Happy to talk you through it

Author: Not at all that looks great, thanks @arelra
